Python SDK Releases — June 2026 (detailed) (#136)
getsentry/sentry-changelog: content/changelog/2026-06-python-sdk-releases.md

author: rahulchhabria@sentry.io
---

Releases covered:

| Version | Date | Link |
|---------|------|------|
| 2.64.0 | 2026-06-30 | [Release notes](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python/releases/tag/2.64.0) |
| 2.63.0 | 2026-06-16 | [Release notes](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python/releases/tag/2.63.0) |
| 2.62.0 | 2026-06-08 | [Release notes](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python/releases/tag/2.62.0) |
| 2.61.1 | 2026-06-01 | [Release notes](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python/releases/tag/2.61.1) |

## TL;DR

> - `gen_ai` spans now stream as v2 envelope items by default — prevents drops on large transactions and removes size-based AI message truncation; self-hosted users can opt out with `stream_gen_ai_spans=False`.

Reviewer: Small adjustments to try and use the same language/wording as our official docs

```suggestion
- `gen_ai` spans now stream as Streamed Spans by default — prevents drops on large transactions (>1000 spans) and removes size-based AI message truncation; self-hosted users can opt out with `stream_gen_ai_spans=False`.
```

- New `aiomysql` integration for async MySQL tracing; added automatic HTTPX2 instrumentation.
- MCP SDK v2 handler signature is now supported in the MCP integration.
- `url.full`, `url.query`, `url.path`, and `url.fragment` are now consistently gated behind `send_default_pii` across aiohttp, asyncpg, boto3, httpx, sanic, tornado, wsgi, stdlib, and ASGI integrations.
- FastAPI: fixed double-wrapping of sync handlers on FastAPI ≥ 0.137 and incorrect route paths for prefixed routers.

## Release notes

### New Features

In 2.62.0 a new `aiomysql` integration lands for async MySQL query tracing — add `AioMySQLIntegration()` to your `integrations` list to enable it. The same release adds automatic HTTPX2 support: requests made through the `httpx2` package are instrumented with no extra setup required.

> 2.64.0 makes `gen_ai` span streaming the default. Previously AI spans were embedded inside their parent transaction and subject to the same payload size limits; with streaming they travel as independent v2 envelope items. This means they can no longer be dropped when a transaction payload grows too large, and AI message data is no longer truncated by the SDK. Self-hosted Sentry users whose instance does not yet support streamed spans should opt out via `stream_gen_ai_spans=False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.64.0 makes `gen_ai` use streamed spans (v2) by default, rather than transaction-based spans (v1). Previously AI spans were embedded inside their parent transaction and subject to the same payload size limits; with streaming they travel as independent v2 envelope items. This means they can no longer be dropped when a transaction payload grows too large, and AI message data is no longer truncated by the SDK. Self-hosted Sentry users whose instance does not yet support streamed spans should opt out via `stream_gen_ai_spans=False`.
```
